README.md, before:

# Hi there! 👋 I'm Mauro Pinto

Welcome to my corner of GitHub! Glad you stopped by.

### 💻 About Me

- 🔭 I'm currently working on **mobile development** projects combining **Flutter** with both Java/Spring Boot and Python.
- 🌱 I'm always learning about **Backend Scalability** and **Cross-Platform UI/UX**.
- 💡 I enjoy creating projects that connect powerful backend logic with smooth user interfaces.

---

### 🚀 Current Focus / Projects

- 📱 Building multi-platform applications using **Flutter** for the frontend.
- ⚙️ Developing robust backends for mobile apps using **Java** with **Spring Boot** and **PostgreSQL**.
- 🐍 Exploring **Flutter** integration with **Python** scripts for data processing and automation tasks.

---

### 🛠️ My Skills & Technologies

| Category | Technologies |
| :---: | :--- |
| **Languages** | <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-007396?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white"> |
| **Mobile/UI** | <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-02569B?style=for-the-badge&logo=flutter&logoColor=white"> |
| **Frameworks** | <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Spring_Boot-6DB33F?style=for-the-badge&logo=spring-boot&logoColor=white"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/REST_API-005696?style=for-the-badge&logo=rest-api&logoColor=white"> |
| **Databases** | <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-316192?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white"> |
| **APIs/Tools** | <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/IntelliJ_IDEA-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=intellij-idea&logoColor=white"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual_Studio_Code-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Apache_Tomcat-F8DC75?style=for-the-badge&logo=apache-tomcat&logoColor=black"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/ChatGPT_API-47A248?style=for-the-badge&logo=openai&logoColor=white"> |

---

### 🔥 My GitHub Stats

[![Maurocpinto GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Maurocpinto&show_icons=true&theme=dark)](https://github.com/Maurocpinto/github-readme-stats)

[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Maurocpinto&layout=compact&theme=dark)](https://github.com/Maurocpinto/github-readme-stats)

---

### 📬 Get in Touch

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mauro-pinto-dev/)
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:mauro_pinto@outlook.com)

<!--
**Maurocpinto/maurocpinto** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Revise README to highlight featured projects and skills
Updated project descriptions and added details about featured projects, including technologies used and core functionalities.

README.md, after:

# Hi there! 👋 I'm Mauro Pinto

Welcome to my corner of GitHub! Glad you stopped by.

### 💻 About Me

- 🔭 I'm currently working on **mobile development** projects combining **Flutter** with both Java/Spring Boot and Python.
- 🌱 I'm always learning about **Backend Scalability** and **Cross-Platform UI/UX**.
- 💡 I enjoy creating projects that connect powerful backend logic with smooth user interfaces.

---

### 🚀 Featured Projects & Domains

Here are some of the key projects I'm working on, showcasing my skills across different domains and technologies:

#### 1. Baymax - Virtual Health Assistant ⚕️ (Completed/In Progress)

A comprehensive virtual assistant application focused on health and well-being.

-   **Core Functionality:** User queries on health, wellness, and specific medication advice (utilizing the **ChatGPT API** and **FDA API** for knowledge integration).
-   **Geo-Location Services:** Includes a dedicated map feature to locate nearby **Pharmacies and Hospitals** (demonstrating **GIS** and location-based data handling).
-   **Technologies Highlighted:** Java (Spring Boot / Rest API), ChatGPT API, JavaScript/HTML (for web views or services), Data Integration.

#### 2. Lifeguard Management App 🌊 (In Development)

A custom solution for managing lifeguard teams and operations.

-   **Backend:** Developed with **Java (Spring Boot / REST API)** to ensure a robust, multi-platform data server.
-   **Frontend:** Currently being designed with **Flutter** for cross-platform (iOS/Android) deployment.
-   **Key Features:** Automated scheduling/shifts, digital fill-in of rescue reports, and powerful **statistical analysis** of past rescue data and yearly trends.
-   **Technologies Highlighted:** Java Backend, Spring Boot, PostgreSQL (Database), REST API Design, Flutter, Data Statistics.

#### 3. Firefighter Scheduling Automation 🔥 (Python Study Project)

A project focused on optimization and automated resource management within a fire department context.

-   **Goal:** Efficiently manage firefighter shifts and scheduling to create the most diverse and balanced teams possible.
-   **Implementation:** Utilizes **Python** for complex logic, algorithms, and full automation of the scheduling process.
-   **Technologies Highlighted:** Python, Complex Algorithm Design, Automation.

---

### 🛠️ My Skills & Technologies

| Category | Technologies |
| :---: | :--- |
| **Languages** | <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-007396?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white"> |
| **Mobile/UI** | <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-02569B?style=for-the-badge&logo=flutter&logoColor=white"> |
| **Frameworks** | <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Spring_Boot-6DB33F?style=for-the-badge&logo=spring-boot&logoColor=white"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/REST_API-005696?style=for-the-badge&logo=rest-api&logoColor=white"> |
| **Databases** | <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-316192?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white"> |
| **APIs/Tools** | <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/IntelliJ_IDEA-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=intellij-idea&logoColor=white"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual_Studio_Code-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Apache_Tomcat-F8DC75?style=for-the-badge&logo=apache-tomcat&logoColor=black"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/ChatGPT_API-47A248?style=for-the-badge&logo=openai&logoColor=white"> |

---

### 🔥 My GitHub Stats

[![Maurocpinto GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Maurocpinto&show_icons=true&theme=dark)](https://github.com/Maurocpinto/github-readme-stats)

[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Maurocpinto&layout=compact&theme=dark)](https://github.com/Maurocpinto/github-readme-stats)

---

### 📬 Get in Touch

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mauro-pinto-dev/)
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:mauro_pinto@outlook.com)

<!--
**Maurocpinto/maurocpinto** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
